add some documentation about command-line parameters and other configuration (#32)
pengutronix/rsinit: README.md

structured in a way that makes it possible to reuse the existing code and add
new functionality as needed.

Kernel Command-Line Parameters
------------------------------

> In general, rsinit uses the same parameters that the kernel uses.

Reviewer: This wasn't applied?

> In general, rsinit uses the same parameters that the kernel uses.

Author: Good catch. I fixed this in a previous version but it got lost again. Now it is back.

Currently, the following parameters are interpreted by rsinit:

- `root=`
- `rootfstype=`
- `rootflags=`
- `ro`/`rw`
- `nfsroot=`
- `init=`

9pfs with USB gadget transport
------------------------------

With `rootfstype=9p` and `trans=usbg` in `rootflags=`, rsinit does all the
necessary things to boot from a 9pfs over USB. In this case, `root=` must

> be used to specify the USB gadget device.

Author: The code now does what I expected it to do (#33). I've updated the section accordingly including a command-line example and a reference to the kernel documentation.

dm-verity rootfs
----------------

If the file `/verity-params` exists in the initramfs then rsinit assumes
that a dm-verity protected rootfs should be mounted.
In this case, `rsinit.verity_root=` must be used to specific the root

> device. This is used instead of `root=` because it makes it harder to

Reviewer: This wasn't applied?

> device. This is used instead of `root=` because it makes it harder to

Author: Same.

accidentally mount the rootfs without dm-verity, e.g. if the initramfs is
missing due to some kind of misconfiguration.

rsinit assumes that the specified root device contains the rootfs and the

> dm-verity hash tree. The following parameters are read from

Author: Done.

> dm-verity hash tree. The following parameters are read from

Reviewer: This wasn't applied?

> dm-verity hash tree. The following parameters are read from

Author: Same.

structured in a way that makes it possible to reuse the existing code and add
new functionality as needed.

Kernel Command-Line Parameters
------------------------------

In general, rsinit uses the same parameters that the kernel would use when
booting without an initramfs.
Currently, the following parameters are interpreted by rsinit:

- `root=`
- `rootfstype=`
- `rootflags=`
- `ro`/`rw`
- `nfsroot=`

> - `init=`

Author: Added.

----------------

If the file `/verity-params` exists in the initramfs then rsinit assumes
that a dm-verity protected rootfs should be mounted.
In this case, `rsinit.verity_root=` must be used to specific the root
device.
This is used instead of `root=` because it makes it harder to accidentally
mount the rootfs without dm-verity, e.g. if the initramfs is missing due to
some kind of misconfiguration.

rsinit assumes that the specified root device contains the rootfs and the
dm-verity hash tree.
The following parameters are read from `/verity-params` as `<key>=<value>`
lines:

- `VERITY_DATA_BLOCKS`: The number of data blocks on the data device.
- `VERITY_DATA_SECTORS`: The number of data sectors on the data device.
- `VERITY_DATA_BLOCK_SIZE`: The block size on a data device in bytes.
- `VERITY_HASH_BLOCK_SIZE`: The size of a hash block in bytes.
- `VERITY_HASH_ALGORITHM`: The cryptographic hash algorithm used for this device.
- `VERITY_SALT`: The hexadecimal encoding of the salt value.
- `VERITY_ROOT_HASH`: The hexadecimal encoding of the root hash.
- `VERITY_PARAMS`: Optional space separated list of aditional parameters.
  Defaults to `ignore_zero_blocks` if not set.

> 

Author: Added.

structured in a way that makes it possible to reuse the existing code and add
new functionality as needed.

Kernel Command-Line Parameters
------------------------------

In general, rsinit uses the same parameters that the kernel would use when
booting without an initramfs.
Currently, the following parameters are interpreted by rsinit:

- `root=`
- `rootfstype=`
- `rootflags=`
- `ro`/`rw`
- `nfsroot=`
- `init=`
- `rsinit.bind_modules`

9pfs with USB gadget transport
------------------------------

With `rootfstype=9p` and `trans=usbg` in `rootflags=`, rsinit does all the
necessary things to boot from a 9pfs over USB.
In this case, `root=` can be used to specify the USB gadget device.
Otherwise the first gadget device is used.

To boot from USB, the kernel command-line arguments should look like this:
`rootfstype=9p rootflags=trans=usbg,cache=loose,uname=root,access=any,dfltuid=0,dfltgid=0,aname=/path/to/the/rootfs`

> The specified path will depend on where the roofs ls located on the exporting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The specified path will depend on where the rootfs is located on the exporting
```

Author: Fixed.

structured in a way that makes it possible to reuse the existing code and add
new functionality as needed.

Kernel Command-Line Parameters
------------------------------

In general, rsinit uses the same parameters that the kernel would use when
booting without an initramfs.
Currently, the following parameters are interpreted by rsinit:

- `root=`
- `rootfstype=`
- `rootflags=`
- `ro`/`rw`
- `nfsroot=`
- `init=`
- `rsinit.bind_modules`

9pfs with USB gadget transport
------------------------------

With `rootfstype=9p` and `trans=usbg` in `rootflags=`, rsinit does all the
necessary things to boot from a 9pfs over USB.
In this case, `root=` can be used to specify the USB gadget device.

> JOtherwise the first gadet device is

Reviewer 3: `J` at the beginning of the line should be removed.

Author: Fixed.
